Tweak glossary definition for Node (#14317)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/node.md

<!--more--> 

> A worker node may be a VM or physical machine, depending on the cluster. It has local daemons or services necessary to run {{< glossary_tooltip text="Pods" term_id="pod" >}} and is managed by the master components. The daemons on a node include {{< glossary_tooltip text="kubelet" term_id="kubelet" >}}, kube-proxy, and a container runtime such as {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="docker" >}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A worker node may be a VM or physical machine, depending on the cluster. It has local daemons or services necessary to run {{< glossary_tooltip text="Pods" term_id="pod" >}} and is managed by the master components. The daemons on a node include {{< glossary_tooltip text="kubelet" term_id="kubelet" >}}, {{< glossary_tooltip text="kube-proxy" term_id="kube-proxy" >}}, and a container runtime implementing the {{< glossary_tooltip text="CRI" term_id="cri" >}} such as {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="docker" >}}.
```

> A worker machine may be a VM or physical machine, depending on the cluster. It has local daemons or services necessary to run {{< glossary_tooltip text="Pods" term_id="pod" >}} and is managed by the master components. The daemons (or operating system services) on a node include {{< glossary_tooltip text="kubelet" term_id="kubelet" >}}, kube-proxy, and a container runtime such as {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="docker" >}}.

Reviewer 2: Possible edits:
- could this paragraph start with, `A non-master node may be ... , with local daemons or services necessary to run Pods. Each non-master node is managed by the Kubernetes master components. See, https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/
-  do you need `text=Docker` for the `docker` glossary term?

Author: Kubernetes [self-hosting](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/setup-tools/kubeadm/kubeadm-init/#self-hosting) is in alpha. With that in mind, is the concept of a “non-master node” something I should emphasize?
A lot of the documentation assumes that Node is equivalent to “worker node”, and the “control plane node” concept seems deprecated. I'm also considering https://github.com/kubernetes/kubeadm/issues/1451 in respect of this.

> do you need text=Docker for `docker` glossary term?

I don't think I do; I'm happy to use whatever name the glossary term with id `docker` appears as in the glossary

Reviewer 2: - not sure which concept name is acceptable these days: non-master vs. worker node
- the Docker glossary text is fine
- Just re-read. Text seems okay. I'm not sure `(or operating system services)` is needed, but your call.

Author: I'm wary of writing daemon because there _are_ people who run Kubernetes with just Windows OS nodes (and a managed control plane).

Maybe I'm overthinking it?

Reviewer 2: I don't think you have to discriminate or get too detailed here -- it is a glossary definition. Keeping it simple seems to be the best approach 😄

Author: Revised. How's the current iteration looking?

Reviewer 2: Looks very close to the current version on kubernetes.io.
Tweaks seems fine. 👍

> A worker machine may be a VM or physical machine, depending on the cluster. It has local daemons or services necessary to run {{< glossary_tooltip text="Pods" term_id="pod" >}} and is managed by the master components. The daemons (or operating system services) on a node include {{< glossary_tooltip text="kubelet" term_id="kubelet" >}}, kube-proxy, and a container runtime such as {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="docker" >}}.

Author: ```suggestion
A worker machine may be a VM or physical machine, depending on the cluster. It has local daemons necessary to run {{< glossary_tooltip text="Pods" term_id="pod" >}} and is managed by master components in the Kubernetes control plane. The daemons on a node typically include {{< glossary_tooltip text="kubelet" term_id="kubelet" >}}, kube-proxy, and a container runtime such as {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="docker" >}}.
```
(yes, I'm kind of reviewing my own PR - seems like the easiest option).

> A worker node may be a VM or physical machine, depending on the cluster. It has local daemons or services necessary to run {{< glossary_tooltip text="Pods" term_id="pod" >}} and is managed by the master components. The daemons on a node include {{< glossary_tooltip text="kubelet" term_id="kubelet" >}}, {{< glossary_tooltip text="kube-proxy" term_id="kube-proxy" >}}, and a container runtime implementing the {{< glossary_tooltip text="CRI" term_id="cri" >}} such as {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="docker" >}}.

Reviewer 3: although final conclusion/ agreement hasn't been reached on the K8s mailer around the master/ worker terminology, the majority is moving towards control plane for masters so maybe you can replace that one too ? 

s/by the master components/by control plane

Author: Replaced
